That's fine.
Ma Shoufu is coming to sign a contract with us
Wait until the contract is signed
Let Ma Shoufu clean up you guys
Oh, don't you just sign a contract for the down payment?
Just make a call and we'll find you.
Please make a trip yourself
Yeah.
I also happened to come here to see the championship style
This is my son, who won the Olympics this year.
Just lifted 500 kilograms
Broke the men's record
This 500kg does not count.
No one will break him in the next ten years
500 kg
Hello Ma Xiaoshu
You are very sincere
I will consider cooperating as a spokesperson
You are a Fuso
Yeah, I was.
However, some Olympic nationalities
And my mother is also Chinese.
Ms. Sun is really a good mother.
He actually cultivated two Olympic champions
Especially Zhao Ruolan
Ma Shoufu, are you mistaken?
Zhao Ruolan is not a world champion
He's a bargain
What do you say Zhao Ruolan is a bargain?